Documentation [16503] (#64)
eProsima/AML-IP: amlip_docs/rst/user_manual/nodes/status.rst

.. include:: ../../exports/alias.include

.. _user_manual_nodes_status:

.. |status| replace:: *Status*

###########
Status Node
###########

This kind of node :term:`Subscribe` to |status| :term:`Topic`.
Thus it receives every |status| data from all the other :term:`Nodes <Node>` in the network.

> This node is executed with a *function* associated that will be executed with each message received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This node runs a *function* that will be executed with each message received.
```

This is the main agent of :ref:`user_manual_scenarios_status`.

Example of Usage
================

This node kind does require **few interaction** with the user once it is running.
User must start and stop this node as desired using methods :code:`process_status_async` and :code:`stop_processing`.
Also, user must yield a callback (function) that will be executed with every |status| message received.

> By destroying the node every internal entity is correctly destroyed (if running, it stops automatically).

Reviewer: I don't get the last part _if running, it stops automatically_
